ReadMe can fit on the main screen?

Maybe even a setup mode.

Macros that you step through. Tutorial that installs one button at a time.

When you first open the .xlsx file, you see Initial Setup - Skip Setup

When you walk through the flow, you have a button that says Skip Setup the entire time.

Text explains each button. Then when you do the step, it fires a macro that does the action and then installs the next button and text for the next step, deleting the text explainer from the previous button.

No emojis, No ChrW

Think about the most used buttons in a well oiled stickshift cockpit - they need to make sense.

Also - initialize context is only needed for the tutorial


Build Context - Apply Write Envelope First Class - used on every loop - 
Switch Context : Second Class - used less frequently - but like the parking brake
Regenerate Index: Only really needed if human writes changes into the files. 
Run Linter: This is the engine warning light

Current buttons Say 1 -5 and are vertical - drop that.

need to see the buttons left to right 

Like this:

Build Context Bundle			Apply Write Envelope



			Initialize Context



Regenerate Index				Run Linter


Okay - reading through the Readme - Right now it does initialize context - then says build context bundle is a response to a CONTEXT_REQUEST block. Not solely true. Also the thing you do when first initializing the context and loading in the foundational context files.

Skill needs to be added to the install

Interviewer that gets information about the person and their role and how they want to use the agent

Then stores the foundational files 

SKill-md-authoring is a great skill to have preloaded, and will be helpful to explain that if you want the agent to remember how to do something specific, you can ask it to write a Skill and the agent will remember to pull the skill file the next time it encounters something similar, but not the first time user experience.

I am starting to flesh out the UX here, but you need to think through every single user click as they install when you make your revision pass


